README.md, before:

!{samco logo}(assets/images/samco logo.png)

# Samco Sports

[Visit the website here](https://doublearon96.github.io/Samcohoses/index.html)

![](docs/screen-picture-of-all-sizes.png)

## Welcome

The aim for this website is to show and promote a company that sells slicon hoses and works with 
famouse racers in the motorsport world.

This Website has the following pages of content:

1.Home/About
2.gallery
3.Sign up page
4.complete submit page

The bussniess goals set for this project is:

1.To expand samcos presensens online.
2.get more peolpe signed up to our news letters.
3.To increses sales of uk customers.
4.also get more people to have a look at our social networking sites too.

---
## UX

While planning and taking in the princaples of UX, planning how it will bring in the audiance and futuer customers.

Samco Website Target audince:

* ages between 18 to 40
* Motor vehical Enthusiest 
* people that have a intrest in motorsports
* Small companies looking to sell new products
  
What the clients will be looking for:

* Easy way to get infomation about the products and company
*   Clear and high quaility Pictures of the products
*   where they can get incontact and get news on new products
  
the plan is to hit all of these targets and keep improving 
Problems
i tried mulitply time to make a checkbox drop down but just couldnt get it to work so i made the three tabs look good in all screen sizes and make sure they fit all.

code i used from other sources 
i used the code from the social links at the bottom 
Happy coding!

Commit message:

up to scope on the read me page

README.md, after:

!{samco logo}(assets/images/samco logo.png)

# Samco Sports

[Visit the website here](https://doublearon96.github.io/Samcohoses/index.html)

![](docs/screen-picture-of-all-sizes.png)

## Welcome

The aim for this website is to show and promote a company that sells slicon hoses and works with
famouse racers in the motorsport world.

This Website has the following pages of content:

1.Home/About
2.gallery
3.Sign up page
4.complete submit page

The bussniess goals set for this project is:

1.To expand samcos presensens online.
2.get more peolpe signed up to our news letters.
3.To increses sales of uk customers.
4.also get more people to have a look at our social networking sites too.

---

## UX

While planning and taking in the princaples of UX, planning how it will bring in the audiance and futuer customers.

Samco Website Target audince:

* ages between 18 to 40
* Motor vehical Enthusiest
* people that have a intrest in motorsports
* Small companies looking to sell new products
  
What the clients will be looking for:

* Easy way to get infomation about the products and company
* Clear and high quaility Pictures of the products
* where they can get incontact and get news on new products
  
the plan is to hit all of these targets and keep improving and adapting.

the website is responsive to cover all bases because the age range we are aiming for the site covers both mobile to full screen computers.

### Structure

the website is a three page website with a nav bar to get around with ease. the first page covers the about infomation with a picture to show a hose in use. all pages have all socials at the bottom of each page in the footer for ease of access.

the second page has a big gallery to show all different types of hoses, this also will have a few pictures with just the products so the clients can see what they will recivies in the post.

third page will have a sign up form so they can receive new and product infomation and when you fill out the form fully the first name last name and email will be required and the three check boxes under will be up to the client.

### Scope

To help achive our compay goals the full deployment will  

Problems

i tried mulitply time to make a checkbox drop down but just couldnt get it to work so i made the three tabs look good in all screen sizes and make sure they fit all.

code i used from other sources
i used the code from the social links at the bottom
Happy coding!
